Add documentation on backport bot (#6355)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/dev_guide/contents/backports.rst

.. _backports:

> ********************************************
> Making Changes to Released Versions of sunpy
> ********************************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
************************************************
Making Changes to Released Versions of ``sunpy``
************************************************
```

When changes need to be made in a bugfix release of an already released version of sunpy this is done by a process called "backporting".
The process is as follows:

> * Open a Pull Request as normal targeting the `main` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open a Pull Request as normal targeting the ``main`` branch.
```

> * Apply a label to that PR (or get a maintainer to do it) of the format `Backport X.Y`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Apply a label to that pull request (or get a maintainer to do it) of the format ``Backport X.Y``.
```

> * Once the PR has been merged a bot will open a new PR with the same changes targeting the `X.Y` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once the pull request has been merged a bot will open a new pull request with the same changes targeting the ``X.Y`` branch.
```

Managing backports is done by the sunpy maintainers, as a contributor you generally shouldn't have to worry about it.
The following documentation is for maintainers on how to interact with the backport bot.

Controlling the Backport Bot
============================

The backport bot in use on the sunpy repo is `MeeseeksDev <https://github.com/MeeseeksBox/MeeseeksDev/>`__.

> Upon merging a PR the bot will look for the existence of a label with the following template in the label description field ``on-merge: backport to X.Y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon merging a pull request the bot will look for the existence of a label with the following template in the label description field ``on-merge: backport to X.Y``.
```

> If the decision to backport a PR is taken after the merge of the PR, then a command needs to be added to a comment on the PR: ``@MeeseeksDev backport [to] {branch}``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the decision to backport a pull request is taken after the merge of the pull request, then a command needs to be added to a comment on the pull request: ``@MeeseeksDev backport [to] {branch}``
```

Manual Backports
================

> If a backport fails, meeseeks will add a comment to the PR and add a label named `Still Needs Manual Backport`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a backport fails, meeseeks will add a comment to the PR and add a label named ``Still Needs Manual Backport``.
```
Maybe quotes would be better?

> If you then manually backport the PR, please remove this label when the backport PR is open so that the label is an accurate list of PRs in need of manual backporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you then manually backport the pull request, please remove this label when the backport pull request is open so that the label is an accurate list of pull requests in need of manual backporting.
```

> When doing a manual backport please do not forget to put the PR number you are backporting **in the description** of the PR so that GitHub links the two PRs together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When doing a manual backport please do not forget to put the pull request number you are backporting **in the description** of the pull request so that GitHub links the two pull requests together.
```
